what is going on gasps tech agent or in
this video we want to take a look at
three cases for the ipad mini and so
forth yeah I pad mini 2 comes on the
boys just in case made top extreme now
this is the toughest case out of this
comparison design is a Griffin and deli
case and the third is the Apple smart
cover for the ipad mini first let's take
a look at the ipad mini smart cover now
this launch stuff with the ipad 2 and it
has been quite famous since i'm not i'm
not a really big fan of this case i
would not even consider this to be a
case but you know for the sake of
comparison i got this because i had it
and let's just compare it's made up of
really high quality materials are
covered with lined with microfiber which
is gonna protect your screen and
everything like that you guys know this
case more than anybody else so i'm not
insult your intelligence because you
know it better than me so it's a great
case we'll just leave it at that and
come to the next one which is the
griffin in telling case this is one of
my favorite cases of all time before
even i got my ipad mini i wanted to get
this case before i got my mini so i was
a really big fan of this case but when i
put it on there was some disadvantages
and some cons which i'll be talking
further in the video but it's a
great-looking case it's a really
nice-looking guess I really do enjoy a
relatively nice case i do really do
enjoy it the second is the case-mate
tough xtreme which we which we talked
about previously you know this is splits
up into two because it saw this is
mainly for protection and anything else
this is mainly everything for protection
so the top part is made up of this
acrylic window or plastic window which
you know goes on the top of your device
and connects to the other part that is
the bottom part which is this one right
now this made up of hard TPU and it's
very well protected and very well you
know about covered with rubber so it's
going to take those impacts relatively
nicely and your mini is going to be safe
and sound but he goes which are any use
are quite impressive i have to say this
goes for around forty dollars or
something so for the price i really do
think that is a great device in terms of
action and stuff like that so we can
take a look at all of these cases are
together we're going to compare these
three against each other in a showdown
all right so i have divided this show
down into three parts for foreigners
design second is installation thirties
protection so in terms of installation
as you can see the ipad mini wins
obviously it's just snap it on and you
are good to go the Intel you case is
again relatively easy to put it in but
there are some there are some cons which
I'll be talking about further in the
video which is connected to the
installation which is kind of a bummer
but you know that's what it is and that
is what i'm going to show you and that
is why this comparison is done the third
is the case made extra tough xtreme this
is relatively easy to snap it in and
this goes into the bottom part which is
looking relatively nice to relatively
easy to put it in and you'll be good to
go so in terms of installation and
design my vote goes for the ipad mini
smart cover it's simple it's fluid and
that's what i like about it now let's
take a look at the the ports and stuff
on the cases themselves first is the
tough xtreme as you can see it's totally
protected by these tabs which are going
to protect your lightning connectors and
your three-point I millimeter headphone
jack connectors and stuff like that so
it fits it if it fits in and it's
relatively snug and it's going to
protect those things yeah don't don't
put this you know under a tap because
that's not on a work it's not waterproof
or anything like that it's just to cover
in in case some water goes inside now
this is the first convert I have the
tough xtreme as you can see that part is
kind of not fitting properly now that is
a defect and I don't that's some quality
control issues and they that should not
happen in such a such a good case like
the case-mate tough xtreme the top you
can see cutouts for our microphone and
buttons for our power button and a cut
out for our 3.5 and a speaker cut out as
well as well as the camera cut out this
is the back part this is for propping
your device up for you know movies and
stuff because it does prop up and
overall for that I think it's a great
case indeed so the case meet again in in
in terms of design is where is nice not
the
best but it's certainly very not very
very nice so not bad we come to the next
one which the ipad mini smart cover the
smart cover by the eye by Apple is
provides the least protection out of the
bunch is the best looking out of the
bunch and it's the most low profile out
of the bunch this is just meant to
protect your device from scratches and
stuff while pulling on a desk and solve
and that's all it wants to do for that I
think it's a great case not the best but
again it's good but the price is
something which is not that good and
it's the Apple premium so you cannot do
anything about it so this third is the
griffin in deli case now the griffin
intelli case has its flaws as i said the
in terms of installation i was kind of
pissed at seeing this now this step as
you can see is not going inside and that
sucks it really should go inside but
that's not going inside so that's a a
design flaw of the griffin and deli case
so that kind of concludes the design
stuff in terms of design the Smart Cover
you know really does get my board now
let's take a look at the protection and
the other features but all of these
devices / cases prop up so that's that's
something they do man that's nothing
nothing too fancy about it but they do
but in terms of protection the Griffin
until the case is just okay nothing
great in terms of protection the Smart
Cover offers again it's nothing it's
absolutely nothing the features of this
include this auto wake-up feature which
also the Griffin in tally case does with
the help of magnets also it props up so
in terms of that they both are about the
same in terms of protection the the
case-mate tough xtreme offers it's the
highest out of the bunch obviously
because it's meant to do that and it
also does all the propping up features
except that the auto wake and off just
because it does not have a top cover so
or all in terms of protection i think
the the case made is a better better by
ok guys i hope you have a better idea on
these three cases it's all up to you see
what you like get what you like and that
what man
the most for me I like protection more
than anything else because I've dropped
my bad twice and i have replaced my
apart from the warranty twice twice so i
really like protection more than
anything else so my vote in terms of
protection goes for the for the case
made so my vote for the production as i
said goes for the case-mate alright
guess i hope you enjoyed the video if
you did give a thumbs up comment down
below if you have any doubts or queries
or subscribe because that really does
help me out i have a lot of things
coming up real soon i'm sorry sorry i
did not upload for like a week or
something I had my exams I was kind of
busy this video i just edited in like
two days but I filmed it like a week ago
so sorry for that again shout out to
Qatar you enter prices for providing me
with these three cases it's just because
of them you can get special offers on
these three cases you contact them if
you live in it if you live in Bombay or
contact them and you can get some good
offers on on all of these cases
featuring so our hope you enjoyed the
video subscribe and as always I will see
you next time in my next video alright
castaign for watching Emma and you work
like a guy to get right
try
I can't keep it
dad